c_parameters:
        TP: Total number of rounds (simulation steps).
        t_start: The round at which the policy (tax) begins.
        t_period: The length (in rounds) of each regulation period.
        t_impl: The number of implementation periods used to gradually apply the policy.
        D0: Maximum potential demand in the goods market.
        A0: Baseline emission intensity for firms.
        B0: Baseline production costs.
        lamb_n: Number of technological steps (number of abatement options available per firm).
        I_d: Desired inventory share (a target for safety stock).
        tax: The baseline upper bound for the emission tax.
        Variable parameters (passed in via param_values):
        N: Number of firms.
        gamma: Price sensitivity of demand.
        delAB: Degree of heterogeneity in production factors.
        E_max: Emission target for the sector.
        m0: Initial mark-up for firms.
        theta: Mark-up adaptation rate.
        chi: Market share adaptation rate.
        dOmg: Weight difference affecting market share evolution.
        delta: Permit price adaptation rate.
        delDelta: Heterogeneity in permit price adaptation.
        lamb_max: Maximum potential for abatement.
        alpha: Abatement cost factor.
        delAlpha: Heterogeneity in abatement cost factor.
        eta: Profitability target for investments in new technology.
        delEta: Heterogeneity in the profitability target.
        ex_mode: Expectation mode (uniform vs. discriminate).
        exp_mode: Type of expectation (trend, myopic, adaptive).

c_regulator:
        qp: Tracks the quantity of permits (if using permit trading).
        pe: Array storing the emission tax level over time.
        R: Policy revenue (from collected taxes).
        x: A scaling multiplier that increases over time to gradually implement the policy.

RLAgent:
        tax: Current tax level used as a baseline for decision making.
        tax_step: Increment used to adjust the tax.
        act(): A simple decision rule (to be replaced with a neural network) that modifies the tax level based on the latest emissions and tax level.

c_sector:
        Represents the economic sector containing all firms.
        D: Total demand in the sector.
        E: Total emissions.
        Q: Total production.
        u_t: Additional variable for dynamics (e.g., update tracking).
        It aggregates results from each firm.

c_firm:
        j: Firm index.
        alpha: Abatement cost factor (determines cost per unit reduction in emissions).
        delta: Adaptation rate for permit trading prices.
        eta: Profitability target for technology investments.
        exp_mode: The firm’s rule for setting production expectations.
        lamb: List of available abatement options (each is a pair [a, b], where a is potential abatement and b is cost).
        x: Expectation factor.
        Dynamic variables:
        s: Market share.
        e: Emissions.
        qg: Production level.
        pg: Sales price.
        m: Mark-up.
        A: Emission intensity.
        B: Production cost.
        pe: Local tax level applied to the firm.
        And others for demand, inventory, and cost evaluation.

trade_commodities(sector, parameters, t):
Simulates the goods market by updating firms’ fitness, evolving market shares, allocating demand, and adjusting inventory and unfulfilled demand.